root@wolfstation:~# cat  starburstODBC.spec
# rpmrebuild autogenerated specfile
#to build from spec using rpmbuild :
#ln -s / /tmp/buildroot
#rpmbuild --buildroot /tmp/buildroot -bb specfile
#rm /tmp/builroot

%define defaultbuildroot /
AutoProv: no
%undefine __find_provides
AutoReq: no
%undefine __find_requires
# Do not try autogenerate prereq/conflicts/obsoletes and check files
%undefine __check_files
%undefine __find_prereq
%undefine __find_conflicts
%undefine __find_obsoletes
# Be sure buildpolicy set to do nothing
%define __spec_install_post %{nil}
# Something that need for rpm-4.1
%define _missing_doc_files_terminate_build 0
#dummy
#dummy
#BUILDHOST:    3e8bbed232ce
#BUILDTIME:    Wed Jul  9 04:12:22 2025
#SOURCERPM:    starburstODBC-64bit-2.2.3-1.src.rpm

#RPMVERSION:   4.14.3



#OS:           linux
#SIZE:           75071310
#ARCHIVESIZE:           75075408
#ARCH:         x86_64
BuildArch:     x86_64
Name:          starburstODBC-64bit
Version:       2.2.3
Release:       1
License:       Copyright (c) Starburst Data, Inc.
Group:         ODBC Driver
Summary:       Starburst ODBC Driver


URL:           https://www.google.com


Vendor:        Starburst Data, Inc.






Provides:      starburstODBC-64bit = 2.2.3-1
Provides:      starburstODBC-64bit(x86-64) = 2.2.3-1
Requires(post): /bin/sh
Requires(preun): /bin/sh
Requires(postun): /bin/sh
#Requires:      rpmlib(CompressedFileNames) <= 3.0.4-1
#Requires:      rpmlib(FileDigests) <= 4.6.0-1
#Requires:      rpmlib(PayloadFilesHavePrefix) <= 4.0-1
#Requires:      rpmlib(PayloadIsXz) <= 5.2-1





%description
An ODBC driver roviding connectivity to a starburst data source
%files
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages/en-US"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages/en-US/DSMessages.xml"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages/en-US/KerberosSupportMessages.xml"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages/en-US/ODBCMessages.xml"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages/en-US/PRMessages.xml"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/ErrorMessages/en-US/SQLEngineMessages.xml"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/Setup"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/Setup/odbc.ini"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/Setup/odbcinst.ini"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/Starburst ODBC Driver Install and Configuration Guide.pdf"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/changelog.txt"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/lib"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/lib/64"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/lib/64/StarburstODBC.did"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/lib/64/cacerts.pem"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/lib/64/libstarburstodbc_sb64.so"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/lib/64/starburst.starburstodbc.ini"
%attr(0755, root, root) "/opt/starburst/starburstodbc/third-party-licenses.txt"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/usr/lib/.build-id"
%dir %attr(0755, root, root) "/usr/lib/.build-id/a2"
"/usr/lib/.build-id/a2/82340a71b853e785b3bc1bec8650dee9575508"






%post -p /bin/sh


%preun -p /bin/sh

%postun -p /bin/sh

%changelog

* Wed Jul 09 2025 Starburst ODBC Driver Release Notes - 2.2.3.1009
- Enhancements & New Features:

   [PRESO-1789] Updated Windows Server support
   The driver now supports Windows Server 2025. For a list of supported
   versions, see the Installation and Configuration Guide.

   [PRESO-1874] NonProxyHosts feature support
   The driver can now access the NonProxyHosts feature without connecting
   through the proxy server. To do this, in the Non Proxy Hosts field, type
   the list of hosts separated by a comma ( , ). For more information, see the
   Installation and Configuration Guide.

   [PRESO-1902] Updated third-party libraries
   The connector now uses the following third-party libraries:
   - libcURL 8.12.1 (previously 8.11.1)
   - OpenSSL 3.0.16 (previously 3.0.15)

   [PRESO-1746] Updated Rapidjson support
   The driver now supports Rapidjson 20220112. Previously, the version used
   was 1.1.0.

   [PRESO-1748] Updated platform support
   The driver now supports Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9. For more details,
   see the Installation and Configuration Guide.

   [PRESO-1518] Updated platform support
   The driver now supports the following platform versions:
   - macOS 13 and 14
   - Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8 ARM support
   - SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) 15
   For a list of supported platform versions, see the Installation and
   Configuration Guide.

   [PRESO-1727][PRESO-1726] Updated Third-Party Libraries
   The following third-party libraries are upgraded:
   - libcurl 8.11.1 (previously, 8.9.1)
   - expat 2.6.4

   [PRESO-1233] Updated TLS support
   The driver now supports a minimum TLS version of 1.3. For more details,
   see the Installation and Configuration Guide.

   [PRESO-875][PRESO-876][PRESO-877][PRESO-1662] Updated platform support
   The driver now supports the following platform versions:
   - Windows server 2019 and 2022
   - macOS 10.15, 11, and 12
   - Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8
   - SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) 15

   [PRESO-1566] Support for x-trino-session and x-trino-clear-session Headers
   The driver now supports the x-trino-session and x-trino-clear-session
   header parameters, allowing users to configure session parameters during a
   session connection.

- Bug fixes:

   [PRESO-1917] The driver's incorrect handling of the NonProxyHosts parameter
   as NoProxy has been addressed and fixed.

   [PRESO-1834] The driver now supports MaxDefaultVarCharLength functionality
   in SQLColumns and SQLColAttribute.

   [PRESO-1769] Updated the driver binary to ensure the driver allows version
   lookup.

   [PRESO-1770] Fixed incorrect decimal values for interval type. The value of
   second's fraction is capped to only three decimal values (Milliseconds) for
   the Interval column.

   [PRESO-1772] When an SQL query's timestamp precision exceeds 9, the driver
   truncates it to timestamp(9), logs a warning, and returns
   SQL_SUCCESS_WITH_INFO to inform the user.

   [PRESO-1771] Enhanced the leading precision for interval types to 9 to
   prevent segmentation faults during getdata calls.

   [PRESO-1711] Fixed a data truncation issue that occurred when queried
   data contained VARCHAR or CHAR data types.

   [PRESO-1665] Removed CallingAppName from the UI, moved SessionProperties
   under ExtraCredentials as required, and corrected its format to key1:value1,
   key2:value2.

   [PRESO-1689] Fixed an issue where the changelog included with the RPM for
   version 2.2.0.1002 was inaccurate and incomplete. The changelog is now
   fixed.

   [PRESO-1654] Fixed a crash in SQLTables when the IgnoreBrokenCatalog option
   is enabled. Previously, enabling this option caused the driver to crash.

   [PRESO-1643] The driver version 2.2.0.1000 DMG package was
   unsigned, causing installation issues. This is resolved in 2.2.0.1001 with
   a signed DMG package for compliance.

   [PRESO-1609] The SQLGetTypeInfo(hstmt, SQL_DECIMAL) function now correctly
   returns "precision,scale" for CREATE_PARAMS and 38 for MAXIMUM_SCALE.

   [PRESO-1567] The RPM now includes change log support, displaying driver
   feature updates, dependency changes, and version numbers.

- Workflow Changes:

   [PRESO-1854] Documentation update for SessionProperties
   In the SessionProperties description, the session_property=session_value
   has now been replaced with session_property:session_value. For more
   information, see the Installation and Configuration Guide.

   [PRESO-1912] Removed Ubuntu support
   Beginning with this release, the connector no longer supports Ubuntu 20.04.
   For a list of supported operating systems, see the Installation and
   Configuration Guide.

- Security Patches:

   The SEN SDK has been updated to version 10.3.2.1010, and the following
   third-party libraries are upgraded:
   libcurl 8.12.1
   ICU 74.2
   OpenSSL 3.0.16
   expat 2.6.4

- For production information, please contact product@starburstdata.com
